en+ulb.EPH:0
- Ephesians
NOTE the class usfm.tag is used when a recording is actually of the tag itself, such as the audio of the phrase "Chapter 1"
NOTE the usfm.tag for c 1 can occur before or after the c 1 tag due to the timestamps sharing the same start timestamp
en+ulb.EPH 1:0
- Chapter 1
NOTE the timestamp of a chapter tag includes the start and end time of all content within the chapter
en+ulb.EPH 1
en+ulb.EPH 1:1!s1
- Greeting
en+ulb.EPH 1:1:0
- Verse 1
en+ulb.EPH 1:1
- Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus through the will of God, to God's holy people in Ephesus, who are faithful in Christ Jesus.
en+ulb.EPH 1:1!f
- Some important and ancient Greek copies do not have, "in Ephesus," but this letter may have been circulated throughout this region to several churches, not just to the church in Ephesus.
en+ulb.EPH 1:2:0
- Verse 2
en+ulb.EPH 1:2
- Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
en+ulb.EPH 1:3:0
- Verse 3
en+ulb.EPH 1:3
- May the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ be praised, who has blessed us with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places in Christ.
en+ulb.EPH 1:4:0
- Verse 4
en+ulb.EPH 1:4
- God chose us in him from the foundation of the world, that we may be holy and blameless in his sight in love.
en+ulb.EPH 1:5:0
- Verse 5
en+ulb.EPH 1:5
- God predestined us for adoption as sons through Jesus Christ, according to the good pleasure of his will.
en+ulb.EPH 1:5!f
- Some interpreters place the last phrase of Ephesians 1:4 "in love" with verse 5 so that it reads, "In love God predestined us"
en+ulb.EPH 1:6:0
- Verse 6
en+ulb.EPH 1:6
- Our adoption results in the praise of his glorious grace that he has freely given us in the One he loves.
en+ulb.EPH 1:7:0
- Verse 7
en+ulb.EPH 1:7
- In Jesus Christ we have redemption through his blood and the forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of his grace.
en+ulb.EPH 1:8:0
- Verse 8
en+ulb.EPH 1:8
- He multiplied this grace to us with all wisdom and understanding.
en+ulb.EPH 1:9:0
- Verse 9
en+ulb.EPH 1:9
- God made known to us the mystery of his will, according to what pleased him, and which he demonstrated in Christ,
en+ulb.EPH 1:10:0
- Verse 10
en+ulb.EPH 1:10
- with a view to a plan for the fullness of time, to bring all things together, all things in heaven and on earth, under one head, even Christ.
en+ulb.EPH 1:11:0
- Verse 11
en+ulb.EPH 1:11
- In Christ we were given an inheritance, having been predestined according to the plan of him who works out everything according to the purpose of his will.
en+ulb.EPH 1:12:0
- Verse 12
en+ulb.EPH 1:12
- God appointed us as heirs so that we, who are the first to hope in Christ, would be for the praise of his glory.
en+ulb.EPH 1:13:0
- Verse 13
en+ulb.EPH 1:13
- In Christ, you also, when you had heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, you believed in him and were sealed with the promised Holy Spirit,
en+ulb.EPH 1:14:0
- Verse 14
en+ulb.EPH 1:14
- who is the guarantee of our inheritance until the redemption of the possession, to the praise of his glory.
en+ulb.EPH 1:15:0
- Verse 15
en+ulb.EPH 1:15
- For this reason, ever since I heard about your faith in the Lord Jesus and your love for all God's holy people,
en+ulb.EPH 1:16:0
- Verse 16
en+ulb.EPH 1:16
- I have not stopped thanking God for you as I mention you in my prayers.
en+ulb.EPH 1:17:0
- Verse 17
en+ulb.EPH 1:17
- I pray that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, will give to you a spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him.
en+ulb.EPH 1:18:0
- Verse 18
en+ulb.EPH 1:18
- I pray that the eyes of your heart may be enlightened, that you may know the hope to which he has called you and the riches of his glorious inheritance among all God's holy people.
en+ulb.EPH 1:19:0
- Verse 19
en+ulb.EPH 1:19
- In my prayers I ask that you may know the incomparable greatness of his power toward us who believe, according to the working of the strength of his might.
en+ulb.EPH 1:20:0
- Verse 20
en+ulb.EPH 1:20
- This is the same power that he worked in Christ when he raised him from the dead and seated him at his right hand in the heavenly places.
en+ulb.EPH 1:21:0
- Verse 21
en+ulb.EPH 1:21
- He seated Christ far above all rule and authority and power and dominion, and every name that is named. Christ will rule, not only in this age, but also in the age to come.
en+ulb.EPH 1:22:0
- Verse 22
en+ulb.EPH 1:22
- God subjected all things under Christ's feet and gave him to the church as head over all things.
en+ulb.EPH 1:23:0
- Verse 23
en+ulb.EPH 1:23
- The church is his body, the fullness of him who fills all in all.